Set feed fetch interval default for unit42 intel objects feed (#27850)
demisto/content: Packs/Unit42Intel/ReleaseNotes/1_0_9.md

#### Integrations

##### Unit 42 Intel Objects Feed

> - Updated the *Feed Fetch Interval* parameter as default to 5 hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the default value of the *Feed Fetch Interval* parameter to 5 hours.
```
